it's hammer time bitches let's do it
okay guys I think we I think this needs
some repairing let's go hey um add on
whatever your name is and do you want to
help us repair this sure does yeah come
back here we're just repairing this
clause can you help us prepare this dude
no one got a lot of healthy just we
don't need much help but teach me your
ways repairing the Sonoma
do you know why I do another dog you see
the body you know gosh i want to show
himself and then we always pretend to
speak that jazz give me to that fuck you
bitch this is what you get are not
giving me food you motherfucker yeah
green guy's other two we don't know go
ahead and kill yourself fine you'll be
an EEG video and you'll get all slide
and Yolo and shit you know how it is
blocking yellow state
puppet dude why you gotta kill a nigga
tryin to review every boy goes front on
the repairman just trying to work on for
cliff do you guys screw it was that's
not a 48 it's funny I'm trying to repair
this is much easier to fix is just like
hitting I just trying to smack you in
the fucking back so I'm trying to be
holy shoot hot oh boy star alright what
is up you guys free velocity here and I
hope you guys did enjoy that video today
even though what's pretty short it did
take a long time to edit maybe you can
tell with all the special effects and
stuff it did take me about a whole day
to edit that so I hope you guys didn't
like it and for sinking to the end you
get to watch a tutorial on how to do it
maybe you can spook out your French or
get some reactions online like we did so
pretty much all you need to do to do
this glitch is you know it works with
any gun in the game but the sack rifle
but we found the funniest to work with
the small rocket or any launcher as
you'll be seeing on the screen right now
or it looks really funny with the TAC
knife if you crouch that way it looks
like you're digging but yes so pretty
much you can do this online or in a
private match spook how your friends get
some reactions and just laugh about and
have a good time doing the clench so
that's it guys I really hope you enjoyed
that video from free velocity if you did
please go check him out he has awesome
hilarious videos he's growing super fast
so he must be doing something right you
definitely don't want to miss out on his
channel it does awesome videos and
speaking of Awesome videos click the one
on screen and while you're at a
subscribe to him of course but I helped
them a little bit with that video and
it's a really
awesome video as well so that's it guys
hope you enjoyed and click the like
button if you did enjoy